1. A method for assisting users in re-finding documents, the method comprising: generating, for each concept clip of a set of concept clips, an embedding, wherein the set of concept clips corresponds to a concept searched by a user; generating a concept embedding based on the embeddings of the set of concept clips; determining a semantic relationship between the concept embedding and one or more document embeddings that each correspond to a document clip of a set of documents; and based on the determined semantic relationship, providing, for display at a client device, an indication of the semantic relationship between the concept and one or more document clips of the one or more document embeddings.

2. The method of claim 1, wherein the set of documents comprises a web page in a browsing history of the user.

3. The method of claim 1, wherein the document clip includes a text paragraph parsed out from a document of the set of documents or an image from the document.

4. The method of claim 1, wherein the document clip includes at least one user-defined clip that includes information not extracted from a document of the one or more documents.

5. The method of claim 1, wherein the set of concept clips includes one or more of i) one or more custom text paragraphs provided by the user, ii) one or more text paragraphs pasted from one or more documents by the user and iii) one or more images provided by the user.

6. The method of claim 1, wherein the document embeddings for the document clips were generated using a machine learning model based on content, and wherein the document embeddings capture semantic meaning of the content, and wherein the embeddings for respective concept clips are generated using the machine learning model.

7. The method of claim 1, wherein the concept embedding is generated based on a weighted combination of the embeddings generated for the set of concept clips.

8. The method of claim 1, wherein the indication of the semantic relationship comprises graphical representations of the one or more document clips in a multidimensional canvas, wherein the graphical representations of the document clips are placed relative to each other based on calculated distances between the one or more document embeddings for the corresponding document clips.

9. The method of claim 8, wherein providing the indication of the semantic relationship further comprises: placing a graphical representation of the concept at a first location in the multidimensional canvas; determining locations of the graphical representations of the document clips relative to the first location of the graphical representation of the first concept based on calculated distances between the document embeddings and the concept embedding; and positioning the graphical representations of the document clips in relation to the graphical representation of the concept in the multidimensional canvas in accordance to the determined distances.

10. The method of claim 9, wherein the set of concept clips is a first set of concept clips and the concept is a first concept, and the method further comprises: receiving a second set of concept clips defining a second concept for searching for content of interest to the user; placing a graphical representation of the second concept at a second location in the multidimensional canvas; and updating locations of the graphical representations of the document clips such that: i) graphical representations of document clips that are more semantically similar to the first concept than the second concept are placed closer to the graphical representation of the first concept in the multidimensional canvas, and ii) graphical representations of document clips that are more semantically similar to the second concept than the first concept are placed closer to the graphical representation of the second concept in the multidimensional canvas.

11. The method of claim 10, wherein updating locations of the graphical representations of the document clips comprises: generating embeddings for respective concept clips in the second set of concept clips; generating a second concept embedding based on the embeddings generated for the respective concept clips in the second set of concept clips; determining updated locations of the graphical representations of the document clips in the multidimensional canvas based on: i) the first location of the graphical representation of the first concept in the multidimensional canvas, ii) calculated distances between the embeddings generated for the corresponding document clips and the first concept embedding, iii) the second location of the graphical representation of the second concept in the multidimensional canvas, and iv) calculated distances between the embeddings generated for the corresponding document clips and the second concept embedding; and moving the graphical representations of the document clips to the updated locations in the multidimensional canvas.

12. The method of claim 10, further comprising: detecting that the graphical representation of the first concept has been repositioned to a new location in the multidimensional canvas by the user; and in response to detecting that the graphical representation of the first concept has been repositioned, repositioning graphical representations of the document clips in the multidimensional canvas such that graphical representations of document clips that are more semantically similar to the first concept than the second concept move closer to the new location of the graphical representation of the first concept.

13. A system for assisting users in re-finding documents, the system comprising: one or more computer readable storage media; and program instructions stored on the one or more computer readable storage media that, when executed by at least one processor, cause the at least one processor to: generate, for each concept clip of a set of concept clips that correspond to a concept searched by a user using a machine learning model, an embedding; generate a concept embedding based on the embeddings of the set of concept clips; determine a semantic relationship between the concept embedding and one or more document embeddings that each correspond to a document clip of a set of documents; and generate a graphical user interface based on the determined semantic relationship depicting the semantic relationship between the concept and one or more document clips of the one or more document embeddings.

14. The system of claim 13, wherein the set of documents comprises a web page in a browsing history of the user.

15. The system of claim 13, wherein the document clip includes a text paragraph parsed out from a document of the set of documents, an image from the document, or a user-defined clip that includes information not extracted from the document.

16. The system of claim 13, wherein the set of concept clips includes one or more of i) one or more custom text paragraphs provided by the user, ii) one or more text paragraphs pasted from one or more documents by the user and iii) one or more images provided by the user.

17. The system of claim 13, wherein the instructions, which when executed by the processor, cause the processor to generate the concept embedding based on a weighted combination of the embeddings generated for the set of concept clips.

18. The system of claim 13, wherein the instructions, which when executed by the processor, cause the processor to generate the graphical user interface at least by: placing graphical representations of the document clips in a multidimensional canvas in the graphical user interface, wherein the graphical representations of the document clips are placed relative to each other based on calculated distances between the embeddings generated for the corresponding document clips; placing a graphical representation of the concept at a location in the multidimensional canvas; determining locations of the graphical representations of the document clips relative to the location of the graphical representation of the concept based on calculated distances between the embeddings generated for the corresponding document clips and the concept embedding; and positioning the graphical representations of the document clips in relation to the graphical representation of the concept in the multidimensional canvas in accordance to the determined distances.

19. A computer storage medium comprising computer executable instructions, which when executed by at least one processor, perform a method comprising: generating, for each concept clip of a set of concept clips, an embedding, wherein the set of concept clips corresponds to a concept searched by a user; generating a concept embedding based on the embeddings of the set of concept clips; determining a semantic relationship between the concept embedding and one or more document embeddings that each correspond to a document clip of a set of documents; and based on the determined semantic relationship, providing, for display at a client device, an indication of the semantic relationship between the concept and one or more document clips of the one or more document embeddings.

20. The computer storage medium of claim 19, wherein the method further comprises: placing a representation of the concept at a location in the multidimensional canvas; determining locations of representations of the document clips relative to the location of the representation of the concept based on calculated distances between the document embeddings and the concept embedding; and placing the representations of the document clips in relation to the representation of the concept in the multidimensional canvas in accordance to the determined distances.
